docs(nextjs): Add troubleshooting for OOM (#12093)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/index.mdx

```npmrc
shamefully-hoist=true
```

<Alert level="warning">
  **Note**: While `shamefully-hoist=true` usually isn't the ideal solution from a dependency management perspective, it's sometimes necessary for compatibility with certain packages that expect Node.js module resolution behavior similar to npm or yarn.
</Alert>

{" "}

> <Alert level="warning">

Reviewer: Looks like this note is getting repeated 👯
<img width="734" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-11 at 4 21 00 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4921d66-8114-4023-8f90-2cbeb59a8241" />

      }
    }
    ```

  </Expandable>
</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={['javascript.nextjs']}>
  <Expandable permalink title="Out of Memory (OOM) errors during build">
    The problem is related to memory consumption during the build process, especially when generating source maps. Here are some potential solutions and workarounds:
    
    - Update your `@sentry/nextjs` package to the latest version.

>     - Increase Node.js memory limit: You can try increasing the memory limit for Node.js during the build process. Add this to your build command: `NODE_OPTIONS="--max-old-space-size=4096" next build`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Increase Node.js memory limit: You can try increasing the memory limit for Node.js during the build process. Add this to your build command: `NODE_OPTIONS="--max-old-space-size=8192" next build`. This flag will increase the memory available to the node process to 8 GB. We have found that Next.js consumes around 4 GB in most cases. Decrease the size depending on your memory availability.
```

      }
    }
    ```

  </Expandable>
</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={['javascript.nextjs']}>
  <Expandable permalink title="Out of Memory (OOM) errors during build">

>     The problem is related to memory consumption during the build process, especially when generating source maps. Here are some potential solutions and workarounds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The problem here is related to memory consumption during the build process, especially when generating source maps. Here are some potential solutions and workarounds:
```
